Add changelog for 1.4.0 release. (#723)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.4.0 (20/03/2020)

**Common**

> * The deprecated property `disk_path` was removed. Use the `disk_path_mutable` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the deprecated `disk_path` property. Use the `disk_path_mutable` property instead.
```

* The `DefaultCache` constructor is now explicit and takes `CacheSettings` by value.

> * The bug that the data was not validated during the reading from leveldb when the `olp::cache::OpenOptions::CheckCrc` property provided fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed data that was not validated during reading from LevelDB when the `olp::cache::OpenOptions::CheckCrc` property was provided.
```

> * Various improvements in the `olp::http::NetworkCurl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Various improvements in `olp::http::NetworkCurl`.
```

> * Add a new method `SetDefaultHeaders` in `olp::http::Network`. Users can set default HTTP headers for each request made by the network. User agents set with default headers and user agents passed with network requests concatenated into one header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `SetDefaultHeaders` method to `olp::http::Network`. Now, you can set default HTTP headers for each request made by `Network`. User agents set with default headers and user agents passed with network requests are concatenated into one header.
```

> * Compiler warnings about deprecated methods/classes reduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reduced compiler warnings about deprecated methods and classes.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

> * The deprecated `AuthenticationClient::SignInClient` method was removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the deprecated `AuthenticationClient::SignInClient` method.
```

> **olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

Reviewer 2: New API to remove from cache missing!

> * `VersionedLayerClient` now triggers the error when the request is passed with `FetchOption::CacheWithUpdate`. It makes no sense to update the data when it is available in the cache for a `VersionedLayerClient` since the version is locked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `VersionedLayerClient` now triggers an error when the request is passed with `FetchOption::CacheWithUpdate`. It makes no sense to update data when it is available in a cache for `VersionedLayerClient` since the version is locked.
```

> * Passing a request to `VersionedLayerClient` or `VolatileLayerClient` with fetch option `FetchOption::OnlineOnly` will not put the data into the cache. Designed for a use case when the users are not interested in storing the data in the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now, when you pass a request to `VersionedLayerClient` or `VolatileLayerClient` with `FetchOption::OnlineOnly`, data is not stored in a cache. It is designed for a use case when you are not interested in storing data in a cache.
```

## v1.4.0 (23/03/2020)

**Common**

* **Breaking Change** Removed the deprecated `disk_path` property. Use the `disk_path_mutable` property instead.
* The `DefaultCache` constructor is now explicit and takes `CacheSettings` by value.
* Fixed data that was not validated during reading from LevelDB when the `olp::cache::OpenOptions::CheckCrc` property was provided.
* Various improvements in `olp::http::NetworkCurl` implementation. Some legacy features were removed.
* Added the `SetDefaultHeaders` method to `olp::http::Network`. Now, you can set default HTTP headers for each request made by `Network`. User agents set with default headers and user agents passed with network requests are concatenated into one header.
* Reduced compiler warnings about deprecated methods and classes.

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

* Removed the deprecated `AuthenticationClient::SignInClient` method.

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Added the `RemoveFromCache` method to `VersionedLayerClient`. Now, you can remove specific partitions or tiles from a cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the `RemoveFromCache` method to `VersionedLayerClient`. Now, you can remove specific partitions or tiles from the mutable cache.
```

Reviewer 2: This comment is new.
